= ActiveRecord Marshal Store

Rails/ActiveRecord 3 comes with a cool ActiveRecord::Store feature
that allows for creating a fairly lightweight schema-less
model. However, it uses YAML, which has poor performance and is just
generally silly.

This gem enhances ActiveRecord to store such things using the Marshal
module which is pretty darn fast, compact and seemingly less flakey
than Psych.

== Usage

You can call marshal_store similary to how you would previously have
called store.

  class FooModel < ActiveRecord::Base
    # The old, YAML-based version would look like:
    # store :extras, :accessors => :foo, :bar

    # The new, marshal-based version would look like:
    marshal_store :extras, :accessors => :foo, :bar
  end

In addition, you can also use the exposed marshal coder as a column
coder, much like YamlCoder in serialize:

  class FooModel < ActiveRecord::Base
    # Used to serialize field as a hash via YAML
    # serialize :field, Hash

    # Now use marshal!
    serialize :field, ArMarshalStore::NilFriendlyMarshal
  end

=== Ruby

This gem has been tested with:

* Ruby 1.8.7
* Ruby 1.9.3

If this works for you, great! If you use a different ruby, please let
me know, and I will update this.

=== Rails

Add ar-marshal-store to your Gemfile.

  gem 'ar-marshal-store', :git => 'git://github.com/hfwang/ar-marshal-store.git'

The necessary code is included into ActiveRecord::Base automatically.

=== Outside of Rails
  require 'ar-marshal-store'
  class MyModel < ActiveRecord::Base
    include ArMarshalStore

    # ... usage of ArMarshalStore here.

  end

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright / License

(2-clause BSD)

Copyright (c) 2012, Hsiu-Fan Wang
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
